(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
We need to get a doctor here.
If we don't put pressure on that wound,
she'll bleed out.
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
(GROANS)
That thing was squeezing my brain.
(EXHALES)
How bad is it?
I need you to make sure
the Phase 2 prototypes are shipped out.
Is that really a priority right now?
Until such time as the world ends,
we will act as though
it intends to spin on.
Hill!
This is a Level Seven.
As of right now,
we are at war.
They have the Tesseract!
Shut them down!
Phase 2 isn't ready.
We need a response team.
THOR: Loki has an army.
They will win him the Earth.
He's building a portal.
The major component
he still needs is a power source.
High-energy density.
When did you become an expert
in thermonuclear astrophysics?
Last night.
LOKI: How desperate are you,
you call on such
lost creatures to defend you?
Hill!
You threaten my world with war.
You steal a force
you can't hope to control.
You talk about peace,
and you kill because it's fun.
You have made me very desperate.
Agent Coulson is down.
These were in Phil Coulson's jacket.
I guess he never did
get you to sign them.
STARK: I'm not marching to Fury's fife.
ROGERS: Neither am I. But right now,
we got to put that behind us
and get this done.
FURY: That is the island of Manhattan,
Councilman.
I will not order a nuclear strike
against a civilian population.
We have a rogue bird.
We need to shut it down!
I got a nuke coming in.
It's gonna blow in less than a minute.
And I know just where to put it.
(ALL CHEERING)
HILL: Those cards,
they were in Coulson's locker,
not in his jacket.
They needed the push.
ROGERS: You just can't stop yourself
from lying, can you?
I can't lead a mission
when the people I'm leading
have missions of their own.
(WHISPERS) Hail HYDRA.
-This is Hill.
-I need you here in D.C.
Deep shadow conditions.
HILL: Give me four hours.
FURY: You have three.
-(GUNSHOTS)
-(FURY GROANS)
(EKG BEEPING)
Don't do this to me, Nick.
DOCTOR: Three, two, one. Clear.
(EKG FLATLINING)
Time of death, 1:03 a.m.
I need to take him.
Captain Rogers has information
regarding the death of Director Fury.
As difficult as this is to accept,
Captain America is a fugitive
from S.H.I.E.L.D.
HILL: GSW. She's lost at least a pint.
DOCTOR: Let me take her.
She'll want to see him first.
About damn time.
ROGERS: HYDRA grew and nobody noticed.
S.H.I.E.L.D., HYDRA, it all goes.
HILL: He's right.
ROMANOFF: We have to stop the launch.
We need to replace their
targeting blades with our own.
Once the helicarriers reach 3,000 feet,
they'll triangulate
with Insight satellites,
becoming fully weaponized.
They're initiating launch.
If even one of those
ships remains operational,
a lot of people are gonna die.
Falcon, where are you now?
I'm in.
Two down, one to go.
One minute.
TECH: Target saturation reached.
Fire when ready.
Okay, Cap, get out of there.
ROGERS: Fire now.
-But, Steve...
-Do it!
The price of freedom is high.
It always has been.
And it's a price I'm willing to pay.
And if I'm the only one, then so be it.
But I'm willing to bet I'm not.
Incoming!
Where are the ladies, gentleman?
They must be busy...
because they would hate
missing you guys get together.
Testosterone.
(YELLING)
ULTRON: I'm a peacekeeping program...
created to help the Avengers.
You're all killers.
BANNER: Ultron.
HILL: The news is loving you guys.
Nobody else is.
Until we can find Ultron,
I'd stay in stealth mode.
Altitude is 18,000 and climbing.
PIETRO: This is S.H.I.E.L.D.?
This is what S.H.I.E.L.D.
is supposed to be.
HILL: Sir, how does it work now?
If we get into a situation like
this again, what happens then?
Nick.
FURY: Hill.
They'll come back.
HILL: You really sure about that?
FURY: I am.
HILL: Why?
FURY: Because we'll need them to.